Add project documentation contents to be displayed on RTD (#210)
canonical/charmed-openstack-upgrader: docs/get-started/index.rst

===========
Get started
===========

Verify Access
-------------
To use **COU** you need to have access to a `Charmed OpenStack`_ cloud, which is deployed
using `Juju`_. **COU** uses Juju credentials to access the OpenStack cloud, so accessing
the cloud with Juju is mandatory. Cloud access verification can be done by simply
calling the juju status command.

.. code:: bash
    
    juju status --model <name-of-your-openstack-model>

> **COU** requires at minimum `write` permission to the target model.

Author: Overall re-wording makes sense. As mentioned elsewhere, `juju show-user` only outputs user's cloud-scoped access level. Instead, we can use `juju models` to see model-specific accesses. I pushed a new patch.

-------------
To use **COU** you need to have access to a `Charmed OpenStack`_ cloud, which is deployed
using `Juju`_. **COU** uses Juju credentials to access the OpenStack cloud, so accessing
the cloud with Juju is mandatory.

**COU** requires at minimum *write* permission to the target model (see

> `User access levels`_ for more information). To verify your current
> user's model-scoped access level, simply calling the following Juju command and look for
> your OpenStack model.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`User access levels`_ for more information). To verify your current
user's model-scoped access level, run the following Juju command and look for
your OpenStack model.
```
